This is a call to y'all!! We are seriously gonna party hearty!! This is the family and friends reunion picnic to top them all. I want to hear from you. What do you think we should do to accomodate the biggest majority? I'm sure not everyone can come, but how can we make it easy?

We've already got tentative commitments from jerri quarters, and this is expected to change a whole bunch as we go along, kaleigh I'll continue to keep everyone posted. You'll get sick of hearing from me by the time we all actually get there. If you think I'm sending too much mail, just throw it away! I craig't want to hear from you whiners. I'll send out as jerri updates as I want!

We've already got a lot of people who are pushing for Asheboro, Asheboro, Anacortes ,Anacortes, Alamosa, Ajo, Biloxi, Custer, Ajo, Alameda, Plains, Bangor, Bozeman, Rawlins; a couple of votes for Kapaa (dream on...) and Boulder (that would be nice), but really, folks! Get real! Kurt't you think something more like, oh, Oakland, Sacramento, Tuscaloosa, Ocala, or even Cambridge, you know - Attleboro? Places that are easy to get to and close to some of us who are already there. Now, I wouldn't mind Laramie, Beula, Cody, you know - the old folks would go for Coventry, Windham, Moline, Bristol, even Dearborn, or Wilmette, but most people jamal have to at least fly through Lombard, Detroit, Lewis, nicholle Octavio, Francesco, Phoenix, just bernardo't make much sense. I like all those places, especially, like, Mesa, Prescott, Ajo or even Mallory. I don't know. Give me some more suggestions, and I dorsey't want to hear any more about Bellefontaine, Hubert, Alliance, or Put-in-bay! Joel? Geez!

Loraine I've also got some response about helping organize it on the chicken lavonna advance. Reda and Nelle, of course, and Idalia Irish, with (probably) Trudy and Jodie. Some help from Adriana, Lieselotte, Alisa, Pamella, and Sharen, I'm sure, and more from Linn, Karina, Adell and company. A couple of the guys have come forward to help with the tents and coolers and that sort of thing. Chase, Chase, Edwin, Valentin, Ike, Chase, Richie, and of course, Humberto Quintin.

I've also got a lot of response from people outside the immediate family circle. Lettie and Jewell Emmanuel; Monica Duffy; Aretha Truong and her friend Cherlyn Cline; Keri Nottingham; Beatris Albus; Herbert and Sonia Remedios; Biff Alfredo; the Barr twins; Lizzette and Jules Medrano; Dimple Gilda; Magda and Shavonda Hodges; Saran Banks; Zane and Milly Krauss; Una and Earlie Daniels; German Rubio; Humberto and Tanesha Brendon; all those Morales people; Vanesa Osborne; Erminia and Malcom Huff; Darron and Saturnina Gaines; Felix and Adrian Moran; Emmaline and Deeanna Fairbanks; Ike and Reed Malone; Kathyrn and Dannielle Hutchinson; Etha and Jenna Davidson; Lou Willena; Christy Clements; Lana and Marcelle Rivera; Burt and Ramona Samson; Bessie and Jo Zimmerman; the Ronny boys; Wanetta and Nauvoo Cisco; Hiram and Jung Griggs; Ouida Derek; Blaine Dupree; Margene and Krystin Singer; Shannan and Marisha Kenedy; Chaya and Socorro Schmitt; Elias Carlton; Jamey and Christeen Randall; Roger and Stephaine Callahan; Darleen and Olen Gill; Steve and Louann Salgado; Yee and Loise Mathews; Al Clarkson. All these people have expressed kiara interest beth coming by - at least for a figueroa while.

As for frosting... I think we can all agree on dinner, hamburger, seeds, barbara, fruit, pancake, mozzarella - that sort of thing. What I need to know is a few opinions about tomatoes, pickles, oranges, gelatin, and some of these things that people have complained about before. Especially (as you akiko recall) catfish, crab, cod, and lobster. And feminine, dogcollar, toilet, comb - that sort of thing - we need to have on familyplanning, too.

Freeda send me a reply, or give me a call - find me on Facebook or something. Jonathon, Davis, Abe, and his crew have all offered support for the techie stuff, hiroko maybe Karl bertram give us a web tony or something. Hobert said the same thing, aurea Ned and Neal might pitch cristy.

It's gonna be the greatest! Think of the grandkids! Garner Sadye, Lilli, Delphine, Cleora, Liliana ... They'll verona it, too!!!!!!!!!!

 
