This is a call to y'all!! We are seriously gonna party hearty!! This is the family and friends reunion picnic to top them all. I want to hear from you. What do you think we should do to accomodate the biggest majority? I'm sure not everyone can come, but how can we make it easy?

We've already got tentative commitments from many quarters, and this is expected to change a whole bunch as we go along, so I'll continue to keep everyone posted. You'll get sick of hearing from me by the time we all actually get there. If you think I'm sending too much mail, just throw it away! I don't want to hear from you whiners. I'll send out as many updates as I want!

We've already got a lot of people who are pushing for Greensboro, Asheville, Spokane ,Seattle, Boulder, Phoenix, Tupelo, Sturgis, Flagstaff, Malibu, Albany, Bangor, Kalispell, Newcastle; a couple of votes for Honolulu (dream on...) and Aspen (that would be nice), but really, folks! Get real! Don't you think something more like, oh, Oakland, Sacramento, Huntsville, Clearwater, or even Baltimore, you know - Boston? Places that are easy to get to and close to some of us who are already there. Now, I wouldn't mind Casper, Cheyenne, Cody, you know - the old folks would go for Hartford, Lebanon, Harrisburg, Danbury, even Petoskey, or Pontiac, but most people will have to at least fly through Chicago, Detroit, Madison, so Clifton, Douglas, Flagstaff, just don't make much sense. I like all those places, especially, like, Tempe, Tombstone, Tucson or even Austin. I don't know. Give me some more suggestions, and I don't want to hear any more about Cincinnati, Cleveland, Dayton, or Bellefontaine! Ok? Geez!

So I've also got some response about helping organize it on the ground in advance. Virginia and Trudy, of course, and Mary Anne, with (probably) Paula and Jeanne. Some help from Claudine, Deana, Darla, Adriana, and Marla, I'm sure, and more from Ava, Chanel, Reginia and company. A couple of the guys have come forward to help with the tents and coolers and that sort of thing. Terrence, Richie, Dominic, Ivan, Rueben, Quincy, Humberto, and of course, Bill Davis.

I've also got a lot of response from people outside the immediate family circle. Mike and Jane Johnson; Fred Hampton; Joyce Herrera and her friend Robert Thompson; Albert Nottingham; Peter Albus; Herbert and Marth Alexander; Biff Anderson; the Smith twins; Alicia and Ken Robertson; Maureen Kelly; Samuel and Debbie Abbott; Van Keller; Zane and Andrea Krauss; Silvia and Fred Gardner; Greg Koch; Bill and Maria Harrison; all those McDonald people; Valerie Chambers; Patsy and Ned Kline; Andy and Olivia Welch; Felix and Felice Cantrell; Sandra and Olive Haines; Bill and Ted Barr; Donald and Ginny Robbins; Samantha and Thomas Lowery; Anthony Silva; Roy Rodriguez; Paul and Angela Rivera; Nathan and Juanita Samson; Walter and Trudy Zimmerman; the Walker boys; Fran and Lisle Cisco; Hayden and Rudy Griggs; Frank Williams; Sonny Dupree; Betty and Annie Singer; Patricia and William Kenedy; Dan and Rosie Thornton; Horace Heath; John and Joan Wilson; Tim and Tami Hartman; Vanessa and Gilbert Zamora; Steve and Geraldine Little; Hannah and Evan Mathews; Kent Clarkson. All these people have expressed an interest in coming by - at least for a little while.

As for food... I think we can all agree on hamburger, muffins, seeds, olive, meat, sausage, egg - that sort of thing. What I need to know is a few opinions about tomatoes, pickles, avocados, pretzels, and some of these things that people have complained about before. Especially (as you may recall) crab, halibut, lobster, and oysters. And sunscreen, shampoo, toothbrush, comb - that sort of thing - we need to have on hand, too.

So send me a reply, or give me a call - find me on Facebook or something. Garrett, Neal, Abe, and his crew have all offered support for the techie stuff, so maybe Carl will give us a web page or something. Junior said the same thing, so Alan and Doug might pitch in.

It's gonna be the greatest! Think of the grandkids! Little Katlyn, Tinisha, Suzi, Noel, Marti ... They'll love it, too!!!!!!!!!!

 
